78 Contributors
Translations
Türkçe
Italiano
Old Dog Lyrics

[Intro: J. Cole]
Ring, ring, who the fuck is that?
It's a 910 number, so you know where niggas at (Ha)
NC State, 26 weight (Ha)
That's where I was runnin' my plays (Yeah, nigga, 26, ha)
Let's get blazed, don't get sprayed (You know what I mean? But it's all sorts of bullshit in the Bull city, nigga)
That's where I was duckin' strays
Yeah (Carolina shit)

[Chorus: J. Cole]
26 was the blueprint, yeah, it made me (Ha)
Old dog with some new tricks, atta baby (Ha)
No more record deal, yeah, I'm fresh up out of slavery (Ha)

[Verse 1: J. Cole]
Yeah
Uh, I'm back home for the time being
C-O-L-E, state of NC, that's where you'll find me in
Right off of 95, we havin' a littlе town meeting
Down in the 'Ville, if you're rеal, then you can chime in
Now real don't mean that you got paper or you ride Benz
Or selling white to all your clients that don't mind skiin'
Now bein' real to me, you stand on what the fuck you do
We on the map, we ain't Atlanta, but we snuck on through
I had a plan, put on the land, I got accustomed to
It's so precarious, so much random niggas clutchin' tools
It's nothing new, they carry hammers into public schools
Heard— talkin' down, well, then it's fuck him too
It's nothin' new, bitch, we been hated for a long while
Before I blew, bitch, we was known as the problem child
Of Carolina, bear in mind, we never had shit
But now the GOAT is from this bitch, so all that's past tense
We gas shit, nigga[Chorus: J. Cole]
26 was the blueprint, yeah, it made me (Ha)
Old dog with some new tricks, atta baby (Ha)
No more record deal, yeah, I'm fresh up out of slavery
Pay dues, now I want what's due, nigga, pay me

[Refrain: Petey Pablo &
J. Cole
]
Carolina shit, ho, don't you forget (
Ha
)
Take your fucking shirt off and just swing it 'round this bitch
Money is a mindset if you already rich (
Ha
)
Take your fucking shirt off and just swing it 'round this bitch

[Verse 2: J. Cole]
Uh, I had to leave these green pine trees to get it
Said when I got it, I was gon' bring it back, bitch, and guess what? I did it, uh
Left in a Civic, uh, came back in a Lam'
Feelin' like Tupac in Atlanta, bought me two plots of land
Somewhere to duck off with my fam, practice my jump shot in my gym
They thinkin' I'm too big to come home 'cause I got the planet Earth in my hand, uh
Nigga, what? I'm on Bragg right now
FPD behind me, runnin' my tags right now
I can't be too upset, they got a reason to check
This shit regular in New York, but the 'Ville ain't seen this yet
Now I'm gon' be who I'm gon' be regardless of
The emblem that's drawn on the key, 'Ville nigga, put on for NC
For some, that's hard to believe
Shout out the dog Petey Pablo, he did that long before me
I just got home from a tour and I brought my partner with me
Let 'em run through freaks that stack they dollars
We learned it all on the streets in the V-I-L-L-E[Refrain: Petey Pablo &
J. Cole
]
Carolina shit, ho, don't you forget
Take your fucking shirt off and just swing it 'round this bitch
The money is a mindset if you already rich
Then take your fucking shirt off and just swing it 'round this bitch
(
Ha
)

[Chorus: J. Cole]
26 was the blueprint, yeah, it made me (Ha)
Old dog with some new tricks, atta baby (Ha)
No more record deal, yeah, I'm fresh up out of slavery (Ha)
Pay dues, now I want what's due, nigga, pay me

[Outro: J. Cole]
Nigga, pay me (Yeah, ha, Tiffany Pines, Fox Fire)
Pay ups, nigga (On my fuckin'— ha, pay up, lil' nigga)
(Lewis Heights, Bonnie Doone, ha) 'Ville shit, Carolina shit, nigga
(Bragg Boulevard, Grays Creek, ha) Rough Friday, goddamn Cove City
(Hope Mills Road, Murchison Road) Port city, nigga, west end
Tre Four (Johnson Street), G Boro
Charlotte, the big motherfuckin' up (Cumberland Road, Shaw Road)
Shout out DaBaby, Greenville, Lumberton, Wilmington (You feel me?)
(All my boys in the west) Southeast
(South Carolina's next, motherfucker) Southeast
(Columbia, you know what I mean?)
It's the southeast (Charleston, goddamn Greenville)
It's the southeast (I done been all over this motherfucker Florence)
Uh, it's the southeast (Shit)